Go up, go up, don't move, don't move
Haiyan Laizou Station
Yeah.
You three listen up
Can you serve Master Hai honestly for me in the future?
Dream on, do you know that Lu Xuan knows the South Patrol Police?
Do you know Patrol Blue?
Do you know who Hai Ye is?
The brother of the southern patrol
How can you be with that
The southern inspection will not communicate either.
Mr. Li, I am willing to serve Master Hai
Yanlin don't
If you want to die, don't pull me on my back
Isn't it just a few stinky money?
Fighting with Master Hai is courting death
That's pretty good.
What are you two doing?
Come and serve Master Hai together
Otherwise, I will
Otherwise, what?
Hey, don't sleep, get up and talk
Young is good
Fall asleep
Hey, oops.
Let you down
It's kind of hard for these people to kill me
Why don't you hurry up and call someone
Then I'll call the blue heart point over
No need to hit
Let's talk about it here.
How do you want to deal with it?